WULCS - WULCS is a tournament hosted by League of Wash U for all WU affiliated people to play together and compete to be the best. The tournament is based off the League Championships with two splits, one in the Fall and one in the Spring. Our current set up has the Fall split being a fun tournament with no playoffs and then in the Spring we place teams into the championship bracket based off of their performance in pool play. 
At the end of the playoffs we host a viewing party for the finals of WULCS every Spring semester where people can come to cheer on their friends and watch the best teams at WashU compete for prize money provided by our Student Union. We do this event in partnership with the staff at the Danforth University Center to promote to the general student body and get more people interested in League of Legends and coming to our events.
We are looking to become a part of the Riot Prized Tournament system next semester but our current split started before we could apply.

General Body Meeting - Every semester we host a general body meeting for those in our community to learn more about our events for the semester and meet others that play league so they never have to queue alone. We play league-related trivia games and also put on the LCS for people to hang out and watch after we finish.

Riot QA - To give those who are interested in more about how League of Legends is created or want to work at Riot Games in the future we host a yearly question and answer session with Riot employees from the St Louis office. Because most of the employees in St Louis are focused on the software engineering aspect of creating League of Legends we partner with our school career center and computer science club to make sure that all interested people are aware of our event. Last year was our first year doing this and we had a great turnout and people really enjoyed learning about the culture at Riot Games.

LAN Hangout - We wanted to give our club members an opportunity to destress during midterms and hosted a LAN event for everyone to bring their computers and play in house 5v5s. We provided food and organized the matches to ensure that everyone was included and had some great moments with people who ended up laning against the person sitting right next to them. 

Extra Life- Extra life is an event centered around raising money for children's hospitals and having fun while doing it. For the past two years the League of Wash U has rented out the Danforth University Center (DUC), our main on campus building, to use for playing all kinds of games. Leading up to the event the club focuses on registering participants to raise money for Children's Miracle Network. On the day of the event we play from noon to midnight and celebrate the money we've raised with food and games. We also partnet with the Smash Club on campus to encourage people to play games other than League of Legends because the event is more about charity and less about our club. Last year we raised over 4000 dollars for St. Louis Children's Hospital and we hope to raise even more next year. 

For the past two years the club has also held an event for the biggest annual League of Legends event: the World Championships. This year, even though the finals started at 3 am our time, we boasted a room full of 50 people kept awake by caffeine and loud cheering whenever a big play was made. Two years ago we were even lucky enough to host a few of St. Louis's Riot employees at our semi-final viewing party and got to talk to them about competitive league of legends. Next year worlds will be held in Europe so we hope that the better time will result in an even larger turnout and hopefully a few Riot employees as well!
